docs(README): update notes around Duffle's role (#896)
cnabio/duffle: README.md

Duffle is the reference implementation of the [CNAB specification][cnab]. It
provides a comprehensive mapping of all features of the CNAB Core specification
as of version [1.0.1](https://github.com/cnabio/cnab-spec/tree/cnab-core-1.0.1).

Duffle's main utility, now that much of its internal code has migrated to the
official [cnab-go] Golang library, is to demonstrate working proof-of-concepts
of additions or modifications to applicable CNAB specifications.  Of course,
Duffle may still be used to install, manage and author bundles at a low level.

> Future conformance updates per the Core and other CNAB specifications are
> intended to be added in the aforementioned [cnab-go] library, rather than
> here.  Duffle may be kept to date via updating this dependency.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Future conformance updates per the Core and other CNAB specifications are
intended to be added in the aforementioned [cnab-go] library, rather than
in Duffle, which will not be updated going forward. Duffle will remain a reference
implementation of the CNAB spec as of v1.0.1. If you are interested in using an 
up-to-date CNAB tool, check out https://cnab.io/community-projects/#tools.
```

Duffle is the reference implementation of the [CNAB specification][cnab]. It
provides a comprehensive mapping of all features of the CNAB Core specification
as of version [1.0.1](https://github.com/cnabio/cnab-spec/tree/cnab-core-1.0.1).

Duffle's main utility, now that much of its internal code has migrated to the
official [cnab-go] Golang library, is to demonstrate working proof-of-concepts

> of additions or modifications to applicable CNAB specifications.  Of course,

Reviewer 2: nit picking: One extra space before `Of course`
